Kb 48270 (#990)
wiris/html-integrations: packages/viewer/docs/spec.md

| dpi                        | Resolution in dots per inch of the generated image. This feature scales the formula with a factor of dpi/96.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Frontend | Positive integer                                | 96                                      |
| zoom                       | The scale of the generated image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Frontend | Positive floating point number                  | 1                                       |

> | vieweroffset                       | Number of pixels to render in advance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Frontend | Positive floating point number                  | 200                                       |

Reviewer: I'm missing maybe some information on what would that parameter be of use, because if I'm using the viewer for the first time, with that information I would not understand.

Maybe add something like "We render only the formulas on screen. This parameter defines the ..."

> | simultaneousmml                       |  Mmax number of simultaneous MathML rendering petition can make at the same time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Frontend | Positive floating point number                  | 50                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| simultaneousmml                       |  Max number of possible simultaneous MathML rendering petitions at the same time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Frontend | Positive floating point number                  | 50                                       |
```

> | simultaneouslatex                       |  max number of simultaneous LaTeX rendering petition can make at the same time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Frontend | Positive floating point number                  | 50                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| simultaneouslatex                       |  Max number of possible simultaneous LaTeX rendering petitions at the same time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Frontend | Positive floating point number                  | 50                                       |
```
